unprivileged doc: Warn about running installation script again (#31029)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unhealthy/privileged.markdown

{% my configuration title="Configuration" %} panel.

If this is not our Home Assistant OS, your operating system might be out of date. Try checking for and
installing updates, then _restarting your system_.

> If this doesn't work, you may need to re-run our
> [convenience installation script](https://github.com/home-assistant/supervised-installer). Note this 
> may lock you out of your instance unless you have physical access, since it will reset all
> network settings.

Reviewer: This is also no longer a install script actually, so we probably should suggest this:

```suggestion
If this doesn't work, you may need to re-install the [Home Assistant Supervised Debian Package](https://github.com/home-assistant/supervised-installer).
```

@ikifar2012 more generally, do we have instructions how to update/maintain a Supervised installation? What is the general expectation?

Reviewer 2: The expectation is that the Debian package and OS Agent are supposed to always be on the latest version... it seems the [ADR](https://github.com/home-assistant/architecture/blob/master/adr/0014-home-assistant-supervised.md) mentions the agent always being up to date but not the installer package itself, maybe it should explicitly mention that in the ADR?
